MAISON COCODY — WEBSITE V2
Design options and platform recommendation
17 September 2026 · artwork updated 19 September · Direction E added 21 September
and, since 30 September, the only direction in the pack


WHERE TO START
--------------
1. Double-click  START-HERE.html
   It opens in your browser and links to everything.

2. Read  Cocody-Website-V2-Options.docx
   The written recommendation: which platform, what it costs, and what
   we need decided. It was written when there were four directions to
   choose between, so its design chapters describe A to D, which are no
   longer in this pack.


WHAT IS IN HERE
---------------
START-HERE.html                 The hub. Open this first.
Cocody-Website-V2-Options.docx  The document (23 pages).

directions/                     The design
  e-studio.html                   the homepage — built from your notes
  e-system.html                   the type, colour, nav, footer and the
                                      rest, explained note by note

templates/                      The pages behind the homepage
  shop.html                       the full catalogue, filters + quick add
  product.html                    every piece has a page: ?p=<name>
  checkout.html                   live carrier rates, label + invoice
  cocody-lab.html                 YouTube hub
  events.html                     upcoming + permanent archive
  collections.html                one collection + the index
  about.html                      the story
  lookbook.html                   the looks, and the pieces in them (new, 23 Sep)
  login.html                      sign in, create an account, reset (new, 30 Sep)

assets/                         Images, film, stylesheets, scripts


WORTH TRYING
------------
- On product.html, click through the sizes. The blossom moves onto the
  size you pick, the way it sits around the size on the woven label.

- On any page, press the person icon in the bar (in the menu on a
  phone): sign in, create an account and reset a password are one page.
  Nothing typed into it is checked, kept or sent.

- On any page, scroll: the wordmark in the middle of the bar gives way
  to the flower, and the flower turns with the page. The strip at the
  top moves; hover it and it stops.

- On shop.html, hover a piece that is in stock: the sizes appear, and
  clicking one puts it in the bag. The bag drawer works on every page.

- Follow the bag through to checkout, change the country, and watch the
  carrier rates change. Press Pay and it shows what happens next. No
  payment is taken.

- It is a working site, not a set of flat pages: all ten products have
  their own page, every link goes somewhere, and the shop, register and
  checkout all read the same catalogue.


OPENING IT AS A REAL SITE (optional)
------------------------------------
Double-clicking the files works for everything. If you want proper
URLs — and if you want the Claude Chrome extension to be able to see
the pages, which it cannot do for files on disk — serve the folder:

    cd "<this folder>"
    python -m http.server 8099

then open  http://127.0.0.1:8099/START-HERE.html


PLEASE NOTE
-----------
- Everything works offline except the typefaces, which load from Google
  Fonts. Without a connection the pages still work, just in a fallback
  face.

- The logo is Maison Cocody's own artwork, and since 19 September it is
  the master vector pack rather than a picture of it. The wordmark (on
  one line, and the stacked cut on the cover page) and the flower are
  now the studio's own files, so they are sharp at any size on any
  screen. The flower is a single path used three ways: stroked as an
  outline, opened into a ring so a letter can sit in the middle, or
  filled solid.

  The handwritten script lockup is the one mark the pack does not
  contain, so it is still a PNG taken off the live site. It is used at
  large sizes on every direction, so it is the one file worth asking
  the studio for next. The M+C monogram is in the same position but is
  not used anywhere in this pack.

  Earlier versions of this pack set the wordmark in Bodoni and drew an
  eight-petal flower — both were reconstructions and both are gone.

- Until 30 September this pack held five directions, A to E. A, B, C
  and D were taken out that day so the work could go deeper into E.

- Product names, prices, sizes and stock levels are the REAL ones, read
  off the live shop. Event dates and Cocody Lab titles are placeholder,
  because none of those exist yet. The photography, the film and every
  mark on every page are all Maison Cocody's own.

- The platform question is settled: the site stays on WordPress.
  Section 5 of the document is the audit of what is running today and
  what has to change to build this design on it.

- Nothing here touches maisoncocody.com. These are local files only.
